docs(search): update a11y docs (#5709)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/search/README.md

[View the design documentation for this component.](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/search-field/)

### Usage

[![See it on NPM!](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spectrum-web-components/search?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spectrum-web-components/search)
[![How big is this package in your project?](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@spectrum-web-components/search?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@spectrum-web-components/search)
[![Try it on Stackblitz](https://img.shields.io/badge/Try%20it%20on-Stackblitz-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://stackblitz.com/edit/vitejs-vite-xnfnkgvf)

```zsh
yarn add @spectrum-web-components/search
```

Import the side effectful registration of `<sp-search>` via:

```js
import '@spectrum-web-components/search/sp-search.js';
```

When looking to leverage the `Search` base class as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```js
import { Search } from '@spectrum-web-components/search';
```

### Anatomy

The search field consists of several key parts:

- A label/search term
- A text field

> - An in-field button to clear the search term

Reviewer: We never talk about the clear button aside from right here, should we? It also looks like it's an `<sp-clear-button>`, so maybe a little different, at least in SWC components, than the in-field button?

It'd be nice to also show an example where the clear button is visible, you should be able to do this if the `value` property is defined, like:

```
<sp-search value="Flights to Hawaii"></sp-search>
```

Author: Great idea! Just added this. ✨

<sp-search size="l"></sp-search>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
<sp-tab value="xl">Extra Large</sp-tab>
<sp-tab-panel value="xl">

```html demo
<sp-search size="xl"></sp-search>
```

</sp-tab-panel>
</sp-tabs>

#### Label and icon

A search field should include a label. In the default state before a search term is input, the label is in regular body text style to meet contrast ratios and to show that this is a field label, not placeholder text. The search icon is set using the `icon magnifier icon-workflow icon-search` classes in the component.

```html demo
<sp-search label="This is a label"></sp-search>
```

#### Placeholder

A placeholder is a hint to the user about what to input in the search field. It is displayed when the search field is empty and is removed when the user starts typing.

```html demo
<sp-search placeholder="Enter a search term"></sp-search>
```

#### Help text

A search field can have help text below the field to give extra context or instruction about what a user should input. The description communicates a hint or helpful information, such as a search's scope.

```html demo
<sp-search>
    <sp-help-text slot="help-text">Enter a search term.</sp-help-text>

>     <sp-help-text slot="negative-help-text">Invalid search term.</sp-help-text>

Author: I'm not quite sure how we'd get it displayed, but I did add a note about it. ✨

</sp-search>
```

### States

#### Disabled

A search field in a disabled state shows that a search option exists, but is not available in that circumstance. This can be used to maintain layout continuity and communicate that it may become available later.

```html demo
<sp-search disabled></sp-search>
```

### Events

> The `submit` event fires when the `<sp-search>` is submitted. This is a non-`composed` event inline with what you would expect a [`<form />`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement/submit_event) to fire. If you choose to prevent the default of this event, the default action for the underlying `<form />` element will also be prevented, which will allow you to handle the search action in javascript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `submit` event fires when the `<sp-search>` is submitted. This is a non-`composed` event in line with what you would expect a [`<form />`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLFormElement/submit_event) to fire. If you choose to prevent the default behavior of this event, the default action for the underlying `<form />` element will also be prevented, allowing you to handle the search action in JavaScript.
```

Also wondering if it should be `<form>` instead of `<form/>`, since `<form>` isn't self-closing?

## Overview

The `<sp-search>` element is used for searching and filtering items.

[View the design documentation for this component.](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/search-field/)

### Usage

[![See it on NPM!](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@spectrum-web-components/search?style=for-the-badge)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@spectrum-web-components/search)
[![How big is this package in your project?](https://img.shields.io/bundlephobia/minzip/@spectrum-web-components/search?style=for-the-badge)](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=@spectrum-web-components/search)
[![Try it on Stackblitz](https://img.shields.io/badge/Try%20it%20on-Stackblitz-blue?style=for-the-badge)](https://stackblitz.com/edit/vitejs-vite-xnfnkgvf)

```zsh
yarn add @spectrum-web-components/search
```

Import the side effectful registration of `<sp-search>` via:

```js
import '@spectrum-web-components/search/sp-search.js';
```

When looking to leverage the `Search` base class as a type and/or for extension purposes, do so via:

```js
import { Search } from '@spectrum-web-components/search';
```

### Anatomy

The search field consists of several key parts:

> - A label/search term

Reviewer 2: nit: should this just be "Label" or "Label/placeholder"? search term isnt really a part but an value from an action. could be overthinking it

Also can we remove "A" and "An" since its a bulleted list?

- A text field
- An in-field button to clear the search term

### Options

#### Sizes

> Search fields come in four different sizes for mobile and desktop platform scales: small, medium, large, and extra-large. The medium size is the default and most frequently used option.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Search fields come in four different sizes for mobile and desktop platform scales: `small`, `medium`, `large`, and `extra-large`. 

The `size="medium"` is the default and most frequently used option.
```

### Accessibility

#### Include a label

Every text field should have a label. A field without a label is ambiguous and not accessible.

The `aria-label` for the search field is set to `Search` by default. The text set in the `label` property is used as the `aria-label` for the search field.

#### Include help text

The description in the help text is flexible and encompasses a range of guidance. Sometimes this guidance is about what to input, and sometimes it's about how to input. This includes information such as:

- An overall description of the input field
- Hints for what kind of information needs to be input
- Specific formatting examples or requirements

Learn more about [using help text](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/text-field/#Use-help-text-to-show-hints,-formatting,-and-requirements).

#### Include negative help text

> Write error messaging in a human-centered way by guiding a user and showing them a solution — don't simply state what's wrong and then leave them guessing as to how to resolve it. Ambiguous error messages can be frustrating and even shame-inducing for users. Also, keep in mind that something that a system may deem an error may not actually be perceived as an error to a user.

Reviewer 3: Nice guidance!

Learn more about [writing error messages](https://spectrum.adobe.com/page/text-field/#Write-error-text-that-shows-a-solution).

> #### Do not use a placeholder as a replacement for a label or help-text

Reviewer 3: Love this as a heading call-out. Very important point and well detailed. Thanks!
